# Task 1

Task:

As an iOS developer, you have been tasked with integrating a feature that
requires interacting with a RESTful API using GraphQL. The GraphQL API is hosted
on a server, and the response is expected in JSON format. The feature involves
fetching data from the API, processing it, and displaying it in a
UICollectionView. The feature must be implemented using Swift, Foundation, and
UIKit.

Your task is to implement the feature, ensuring that it is scalable,
maintainable, and follows best practices.

Solution:

To integrate the GraphQL API into our project, we can use the Apollo iOS client
library. Apollo allows us to query the GraphQL API, parse the responses, and
generate strongly-typed models.

First, we need to install the Apollo iOS client library using CocoaPods or Swift
Package Manager. Then, we can define our GraphQL schema and generate the Swift
models using the Apollo CLI.

Once we have our models, we can create a GraphQL client to fetch data from the
API. We can use Apollo's **`fetch`** method to execute the query and get the
response in JSON format.

Next, we can process the response by mapping it to our Swift models. We can use
Codable to deserialize the JSON data into our Swift models.

Finally, we can display the data in a UICollectionView by implementing the
UICollectionViewDataSource and UICollectionViewDelegate protocols. We can also
use a custom UICollectionViewLayout to display the data in a visually appealing
way.

To ensure scalability and maintainability, we can use the MVVM architecture
pattern. We can define our ViewModel to interact with the GraphQL client and
process the data. The ViewModel can then expose the data to the View using
properties and callbacks.

We can also use the SOLID principles to ensure that our code is modular and easy
to maintain. For example, we can use dependency injection to inject dependencies
into our classes rather than hardcoding them. We can also use protocols and
interfaces to define contracts between our classes.

Overall, this task requires knowledge of integrating with external APIs, parsing
JSON data, and displaying data in a UICollectionView. It also requires knowledge
of the MVVM architecture pattern and SOLID principles to ensure that our code is
scalable and maintainable.
