# Task 3

Task: You are working on a large iOS project with multiple features and
components. As a senior developer, you want to ensure that your team is
following best practices for testing and maintaining the codebase. Your task is
to define a maintainable test pyramid with non-overlapping coverage areas for
the project.

Solution:

A test pyramid is a best practice for structuring automated tests in a way that
ensures that the majority of tests are lower-level, faster and less brittle unit
tests, while also having sufficient higher-level, slower and more comprehensive
integration and end-to-end tests. Here's how I would structure the test pyramid
for our iOS project:

1. Unit Tests: The foundation of our test pyramid should be Unit Tests. These
   are small, fast, and reliable tests that cover individual functions or
   methods. Unit tests will be written for the business logic and data model
   layers of our app. Unit tests are written to validate the correctness of our
   implementation.
2. Integration Tests: Integration tests are used to ensure that the various
   modules of our application can work together as expected. These tests will be
   covering communication between objects and objects of different layers.
   Integration tests are written to validate the interaction between different
   components of our app.
3. End-to-End Tests: End-to-End tests are the highest level of tests in the
   pyramid. These tests ensure that the application is behaving as expected when
   viewed from the user's perspective. These tests will be written to ensure
   that our entire app flows correctly, with no regressions that may cause
   frustration for the user.

To ensure that our test pyramid is maintainable, it's important to have
non-overlapping coverage areas between the different types of tests. This means
that each type of test should cover different aspects of our app's
functionality. By doing this, we can ensure that our tests are optimized for
speed and comprehensiveness, while minimizing the chance of redundancy.

To achieve this, I would suggest that our unit tests should focus on the
internal components of the app, while integration tests should focus on the
interaction between components, and the end-to-end tests should focus on the app
as a whole.

In addition, we should also have a clear process for maintaining the tests, such
as regularly reviewing and updating the test cases to ensure they remain
relevant, as well as using continuous integration and automated testing tools to
ensure that our tests are running smoothly and detecting issues as early as
possible.

Differences from Senior 1 to Senior 2:

At Senior 2 level, the developer should be able to not only define a
maintainable test pyramid, but also create a plan for implementing it, establish
a testing culture within the team, and constantly evaluate the effectiveness of
the testing process. In addition, the Senior 2 should have experience in
developing and using test frameworks, as well as knowledge of different types of
automated testing and their trade-offs. They should also have experience in
testing non-functional requirements such as performance, security, and
accessibility. ÃŸ
