# Task 5

Task: You are given an iOS app that allows the user to take a picture with the
camera and then displays it in an UIImageView. However, after taking a few
pictures, the app starts to slow down and eventually crashes due to a memory
issue. Your task is to identify and fix the memory leak causing the issue.

Solution:

Step 1: Identify the cause of the memory leak The first step is to identify what
is causing the memory leak. We can use Xcode's memory graph debugger to help us
with this. Open the project in Xcode, run it on a device or simulator, and then
open the Debug Navigator. Click on the "Memory" tab to show the memory graph.
Click on the "Record" button to start recording memory allocations.

Now, take a few pictures and notice that the memory usage keeps increasing. Stop
recording and take a look at the memory graph. You should see that there are
many instances of the image data that are not being released from memory. This
is a clear indication that we have a memory leak.

Step 2: Fix the memory leak In this case, the most likely cause of the memory
leak is retaining the image data unnecessarily. When we take a picture, we
create a UIImage object and set it as the image for the UIImageView. If we keep
creating new UIImage objects without releasing the old ones, we will quickly run
out of memory.

To fix this, we need to make sure that we are releasing the old UIImage objects
when we set a new image for the UIImageView. Modify the code that handles the
image as follows:

```swift
func imagePickerController(_ picker: UIImagePickerController, didFinishPickingMediaWithInfo info: [UIImagePickerController.InfoKey : Any]) {
    picker.dismiss(animated: true, completion: nil)

    guard let image = info[.editedImage] as? UIImage else {
        return
    }

    imageView.image = image
    lastImage = image // Store the last image for later use
}

func clearImage() {
    imageView.image = nil
    lastImage = nil // Release the last image
}
```

We have added a new property called lastImage that stores the last image that
was set for the UIImageView. When we set a new image, we release the old image
by setting it to nil and storing the new image in the lastImage property. This
ensures that we are only retaining one UIImage object at a time.

Step 3: Test the app Run the app again and repeat the same steps. Notice that
the memory usage no longer keeps increasing, and the app does not crash due to a
memory issue. The problem has been fixed!

Note: This is just one way to fix a memory leak in this particular scenario.
There can be many other causes of memory leaks in iOS apps, and it's important
to understand how to identify and fix them. Additionally, testing the app
thoroughly after making any changes is crucial to ensure that the problem has
been resolved.
