# Task 1

Task:

Explain the difference between compile-time and runtime dependencies, and how
they affect the choice of dependency management tool in iOS app development.
Provide an example of how dependency injection can be used to manage runtime
dependencies.

Answer:

Compile-time dependencies are dependencies that are required at the time of
compilation, and are typically managed through tools such as Swift Package
Manager or CocoaPods. Runtime dependencies, on the other hand, are dependencies
that are required at runtime and are typically managed through tools such as
Carthage or dynamic frameworks. When choosing a dependency management tool for
an iOS app, it's important to consider whether the dependencies are compile-time
or runtime dependencies, and choose a tool that can handle them appropriately.

An example of using dependency injection to manage runtime dependencies could be
a scenario where an app has multiple payment gateway providers, each with their
own implementation. Rather than hard-coding the payment gateway implementation
in each view controller or model, a payment gateway protocol could be defined
and each implementation could conform to the protocol. At runtime, the app could
determine which payment gateway provider to use and inject the appropriate
implementation into the relevant objects.

As a Middle 3 iOS developer, it's important to have a deep understanding of
dependency management and be able to make informed decisions about which tools
and techniques to use based on the specific needs of a project. This includes
understanding the differences between compile-time and runtime dependencies, as
well as being able to apply advanced techniques such as dependency injection to
manage dependencies at runtime. Additionally, a Middle 3 developer should have a
strong understanding of software architecture principles and be able to design
and implement modular, maintainable code.
