# Task 2

Task: As a senior iOS developer, you have been tasked with implementing a
maintainable test suite for a new feature in your app. Describe your approach to
defining a test pyramid and identifying non-overlapping coverage areas.

Solution: My approach to defining a maintainable test pyramid involves
categorizing tests into three tiers: unit tests, integration tests, and
end-to-end tests.

For unit tests, I will focus on testing individual components of the feature in
isolation to ensure that they function as expected. This includes testing
functions, classes, and methods that make up the feature. Unit tests are written
in isolation, have no external dependencies, and are run quickly.

For integration tests, I will test how the different components of the feature
interact with each other. This includes testing how the feature integrates with
other features in the app, as well as third-party libraries or services.
Integration tests are run less frequently than unit tests, but are still
relatively quick.

For end-to-end tests, I will test the feature in a complete user scenario,
simulating a user's interaction with the feature as they would in the app.
End-to-end tests ensure that the feature works as expected in a real-world
scenario, including different user inputs and edge cases. End-to-end tests are
run less frequently and take longer to run than unit and integration tests.

To identify non-overlapping coverage areas, I will use code coverage analysis
tools to determine which areas of the code are covered by each type of test. By
doing so, I can ensure that each type of test is testing different areas of the
code, and that there are no redundancies or overlaps in test coverage.

Overall, my approach to defining a maintainable test pyramid and identifying
non-overlapping coverage areas focuses on ensuring that each test type tests
different aspects of the feature, and that there are no redundancies in test
coverage. This approach ensures that the test suite is efficient, effective, and
maintainable over time.

Differences between a Senior 1 developer and a Middle 3 developer: A Senior 1
developer should be able to design and implement a more comprehensive and
maintainable test suite compared to a Middle 3 developer. They should have a
deep understanding of the importance of testing and the ability to define a
maintainable test pyramid that provides maximum coverage while minimizing
redundancy. Additionally, a Senior 1 developer should be able to leverage code
coverage analysis tools to identify non-overlapping coverage areas and ensure
that the test suite is optimized for efficiency, effectiveness, and
maintainability over time.
