# Task 1

Task: Implement a video chat feature in an existing iOS app. The app should
allow two users to connect and start a video chat session using WebRTC. The
video should be displayed in real-time and the audio should be synced with the
video. The app should also handle network interruptions and reconnections
gracefully.

Solution:

To implement this feature, I would start by researching WebRTC and how it can be
used to build a video chat application. I would then integrate the WebRTC
framework into the iOS app and implement the necessary code to establish a
connection between two users. I would use the iOS AVFoundation framework to
capture and display the video stream and the Core Audio framework to handle
audio synchronization. To handle network interruptions, I would implement
automatic reconnection logic and display appropriate error messages to the user.
I would thoroughly test the feature and optimize the performance for the best
user experience.

Differences from Middle 3 level:

At the senior level, the developer is expected to have a deeper understanding of
low-level concepts like audio and video synchronization, network protocols, and
optimization techniques. They should also have experience with integrating
complex third-party frameworks like WebRTC and have the ability to handle
complex network scenarios like intermittent network connectivity. They are
expected to take ownership of the entire feature and deliver it end-to-end,
including testing, optimization, and deployment. Additionally, at the senior
level, the developer should have strong problem-solving skills and the ability
to design scalable and maintainable code.
