# Task 3

Task: Develop a modular and scalable architecture for a new iOS app that allows
users to view and book travel accommodations. The architecture should support
easy integration with external APIs and provide a seamless user experience.

Solution: To achieve a modular and scalable architecture for the travel
accommodations app, I would use the VIPER architecture pattern. This pattern
separates the app into five different modules: View, Interactor, Presenter,
Entity, and Router. The View module is responsible for displaying the UI, the
Interactor module handles business logic and data retrieval, the Presenter
module formats data and communicates with the View module, the Entity module
handles data models and storage, and the Router module handles navigation
between modules.

Using VIPER allows for easy integration with external APIs, as the Interactor
module can handle the API calls and data retrieval, and the Presenter module can
format the data for the View module. Additionally, VIPER supports scalability as
each module is independent and can be modified or replaced without affecting
other modules. Finally, VIPER provides a seamless user experience as the
architecture clearly separates responsibilities, making it easier to maintain
and update the app over time.

Differences from Middle 3 to Senior 1: At the Senior 1 level, the focus shifts
towards not just developing a modular and scalable architecture, but also
ensuring that the architecture aligns with business goals and user needs. This
means taking a more holistic approach to app development and considering factors
such as performance, security, and accessibility. A Senior 1 iOS Developer
should be able to not only develop an architecture that meets technical
requirements, but also effectively communicate the benefits and limitations of
the architecture to stakeholders and make recommendations for improvements.
