# Task 4

Task: Implement a feature that allows users to send voice messages in the chat
module. Users should be able to record and send voice messages up to 1 minute
long. When a user receives a voice message, they should be able to play it back
within the chat thread. The feature should be implemented in a way that ensures
it is fast and reliable, with minimal lag time between recording and sending or
receiving and playing back a voice message.

Solution: To implement this feature, the developer can use the AVFoundation
framework to record and play back audio. They can create a new UI component,
such as a button, to allow users to record and send voice messages. When the
button is pressed, the AVAudioRecorder can be used to start recording. After the
recording is finished, the AVAudioPlayer can be used to play back the recorded
message. The recorded message can be sent to the recipient using the chat
module's existing networking functionality. When the recipient receives the
message, the AVAudioPlayer can be used to play back the received message within
the chat thread. To ensure fast and reliable performance, the developer can use
multithreading and optimize the audio file size for faster transfer and
playback. Additionally, they can perform rigorous testing to ensure the feature
is stable and meets the user's expectations.

Differences from Middle 1: This task requires the developer to use the
AVFoundation framework and work with audio files, which is a more advanced skill
compared to the previous tasks. The developer must also optimize the audio file
size and ensure fast transfer and playback, which requires a deeper
understanding of networking and performance optimization. The addition of this
feature also requires the developer to consider the user experience and ensure
the feature is easy to use and meets the user's expectations. Overall, this task
requires a higher level of technical proficiency and attention to detail
compared to the Middle 1 tasks.
