# Task 9

Task: You are working on an iOS app that displays a large amount of data in a
table view. However, the app is consuming a lot of memory and crashing
frequently due to out-of-memory errors. Develop a strategy to reduce memory
usage and prevent out-of-memory crashes in the app.

Solution: One strategy to reduce memory usage and prevent out-of-memory crashes
in the app is to implement lazy loading or pagination in the table view. This
involves loading and displaying only a subset of the data at a time, rather than
loading all data at once. This can help reduce memory usage and improve the
app's performance.

Another strategy is to use lightweight data structures to store the data, such
as arrays or dictionaries, instead of heavy objects or classes. This can help
reduce memory usage and improve the app's performance, especially when dealing
with a large amount of data.

Additionally, consider using reusable cells in the table view to avoid creating
unnecessary instances of table view cells. This can help reduce memory usage and
improve the app's performance.

Finally, make sure to properly release and deallocate all objects when they're
no longer needed, and avoid creating strong reference cycles or retain cycles.
Consider using weak or unowned references when appropriate.

Differences from Senior 1 level: A Senior 2 level developer would have a deeper
understanding of memory optimization techniques and would be able to identify
and diagnose memory issues more efficiently. They would also have experience
working with larger datasets and optimizing app performance, and would be able
to develop more advanced strategies to reduce memory usage and prevent
out-of-memory crashes in the app. Additionally, they would have a strong
understanding of advanced memory management techniques such as garbage
collection and low-level memory optimization.
