# Task 7

Task: You are working on an iOS app that displays a large number of images, and
you notice that the app is consuming a lot of memory and crashing frequently due
to out-of-memory errors. Develop a strategy to reduce memory usage and prevent
out-of-memory crashes in the app.

Solution: One strategy to reduce memory usage and prevent out-of-memory crashes
in the app is to implement image compression and resizing techniques. This
involves compressing images to reduce their file size, and resizing images to
match the size of the image view or screen resolution. This can significantly
reduce the amount of memory used by the app.

Another strategy is to use image caching to store images in memory or on disk,
so they can be quickly accessed and reused when needed. This can help reduce the
number of image fetches and improve the app's performance.

Additionally, consider using lazy loading or pagination to load images as
needed, rather than loading all images at once. This can help reduce memory
usage and improve the app's performance, especially when dealing with a large
number of images.

Finally, ensure that all objects are properly released and deallocated when no
longer needed. Avoid creating strong reference cycles or retain cycles, and use
weak or unowned references when appropriate. Consider implementing memory
management techniques such as autoreleasepools or custom memory allocation and
deallocation strategies.

Differences from Senior 1 level: A Senior 2 level developer would have a deeper
understanding of memory management concepts and techniques, and would be able to
develop more effective strategies to reduce memory usage and prevent
out-of-memory crashes in the app. They would also have experience working with
larger datasets and optimizing app performance, and would be able to identify
and diagnose memory issues more efficiently. Additionally, they would have a
strong understanding of advanced memory management techniques such as custom
memory allocation and deallocation strategies.
