# Task 8

Task: You are working on an iOS app that allows users to take photos and edit
them with various filters and effects. However, the app is consuming a lot of
memory and crashing frequently due to out-of-memory errors. Develop a strategy
to reduce memory usage and prevent out-of-memory crashes in the app.

Solution: One strategy to reduce memory usage and prevent out-of-memory crashes
in the app is to implement image caching and memory management techniques. This
involves using an image cache to store images in memory or on disk, and
releasing images that are no longer needed.

Another strategy is to use lazy loading or pagination to load images as needed,
rather than loading all images at once. This can help reduce memory usage and
improve the app's performance, especially when dealing with a large number of
images.

Additionally, consider implementing a garbage collection system to automatically
free up memory when it's no longer needed. This can help prevent memory leaks
and improve the app's overall stability.

Finally, make sure to properly release and deallocate all objects when they're
no longer needed, and avoid creating strong reference cycles or retain cycles.
Consider using weak or unowned references when appropriate.

Differences from Senior 1 level: A Senior 2 level developer would have a deeper
understanding of memory management techniques and would be able to identify and
diagnose memory issues more efficiently. They would also have experience working
with larger datasets and optimizing app performance, and would be able to
develop more advanced strategies to reduce memory usage and prevent
out-of-memory crashes in the app. Additionally, they would have a strong
understanding of advanced memory management techniques such as garbage
collection and low-level memory optimization.
