# Task 6

Task: You are working on an iOS app that handles large amounts of data and
images, and you notice that the app crashes frequently due to out-of-memory
errors. Develop a strategy to reduce the number of out-of-memory crashes in the
app.

Solution: One strategy to reduce out-of-memory crashes in the app is to
implement lazy loading or pagination of data and images. This means that instead
of loading all data and images at once, only a portion of the data and images
are loaded at a time as the user scrolls or navigates through the app.

Another strategy is to optimize the size of images by compressing or resizing
them. This can significantly reduce the amount of memory used by the app.
Additionally, consider caching data and images to minimize the need for
re-fetching and re-loading.

To further reduce out-of-memory crashes, ensure that all objects are properly
released and deallocated when no longer needed. Avoid creating strong reference
cycles or retain cycles, and use weak or unowned references when appropriate.
Finally, consider implementing memory management techniques such as
autoreleasepools or custom memory allocation and deallocation strategies.

Differences from Senior 1 level: A Senior 2 level developer would have a deeper
understanding of memory management concepts and techniques, and would be able to
develop more effective strategies to reduce out-of-memory crashes in the app.
They would also have experience working with larger datasets and optimizing app
performance, and would be able to identify and diagnose memory issues more
efficiently. Additionally, they would have a strong understanding of advanced
memory management techniques such as custom memory allocation and deallocation
strategies.
